doc: update co_flags reference (#132300)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/datamodel.rst

if the function is a generator. See :ref:`inspect-module-co-flags` for details
on the semantics of each flags that might be present.

> Future feature declarations (``from __future__ import division``) also use bits

Reviewer: Why remove 'bits'?

Author: I tried to wrap line with 80 column, but forget bits in next line.

> Future feature declarations (e.g. ``from __future__ import division``) also use bits

Reviewer 2: Avoid Latin abbreviations: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language
```suggestion
Future feature declarations (for example, ``from __future__ import division``) also use bits
```

in :attr:`~codeobject.co_flags` to indicate whether a code object was compiled with a
particular feature enabled. See :attr:`~__future__._Feature.compiler_flag`.

Other bits in :attr:`~codeobject.co_flags` are reserved for internal use.

.. index:: single: documentation string

If a code object represents a function and has a docstring,

> :data:`~inspect.CO_HAS_DOCSTRING` bit is set in :attr:`~codeobject.co_flags`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :data:`~inspect.CO_HAS_DOCSTRING` bit is set in :attr:`~codeobject.co_flags`
```
